fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/occupy-everything-october-18.md

title: Occupy EVERYTHING, October 18
images:
  - src: screen_shot_2011-10-17_at_5.33.36_pm.png
    alt: World map showing Occupy movement locations marked with blue pins clustered across North America, South America, Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australia
  - src: dsc_0678.jpg
    alt: Nighttime photograph of police in riot gear and protesters in confrontation during Occupy Philadelphia event
  - src: map-tent-city4.jpg
    alt: Diagram map of Occupy Philadelphia encampment at City Hall West Side showing layout of various tents and areas including Medic HQ, Tech Tent, Food, Donations, and other facilities
  - src: rahm.jpg

>     alt: Portrait photograph of man in dark suit with gray hair and raised hand speaking during Occupy event with crowd visible in background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Portrait of man in suit with hand raised thumb touching his nose and tongue slightly sticking out. Crowd visible in background.
```
